README.md, before:

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/john-ko/dynamic-script-loader/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/john-ko/dynamic-script-loader?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/john-ko/dynamic-script-loader.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/john-ko/dynamic-script-loader)

# Script Loader
A script loader for modular components in es6 (build process coming soon). This is built so that each components being responsible for what 3rd party dependencies they need.
- if script has not been loaded, it will load  the script, run the one time setup callback, then execute the `then`
- if a script has already been loaded, it will execute the `then`

# Install
`npm i -S dynamic-script-loader`

# Usage
simple

```
const scriptLoader = require('dynamic-script-loader')

scriptLoader({
    src: ''//path/to/someExternalJS.js'
  },
  onLoadHandler, // optional
  onErrorHandler // optional
  )
  .then(resolverFunction)
  .catch(catchFunction)
```

## Vue
creating a vue wrapper for 3rd party libraries

heres a couple of ways you can use the script loader

### using it as a method
```
import scriptLoader from 'dynamic-script-loader'

Vue.use({
  install: function (Vue, options) {
    Vue.prototype.$scriptLoader = scriptLoader
})

// inside a Vue component
data () {
  return {
    message: '',
    error: ''
  }
},

mounted () {
  // the loader will not load libraries if they have already been loaded
  this.$scriptLoader({
    src: '//some-cdn/src/js/library.js',
    async: true
  }, () => {
    // one time setup
    some3rdPartyLib.credentials('123')
    some3rdPartyLib.partyTime = true
    some3rdPartyLib.breakRandomly = Math.random() % 2 === 1
  })
    .then(() => {
      // something to run everytime this component is mounted
      this.message = some3rdPartyLib.getMessage()
    })
    .catch(() => {
      // script failed to load
      this.error = 'oops'
    })
}
```

# TODO
- build process and export to dist folder
- remove class style and use more functional

would like to use this as

```
script.load('//path/to/someExternalJS.js')
  .once(() => {
    // one time setup
  })
  .then(() => {
    // success! :D
  })
  .catch(() => {
    // failure! D:
  })
```

or instead of `once` maybe `setup` ?

# Contributing

- `git clone git@github.com:john-ko/dynamic-script-loader.git`
- `cd dynamic-script-loader`
- `npm install`
- `add changes`
- `npm run test:unit`
- `npm run test:e2e`

Commit message:

Add global name space, update readme

README.md, after:

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/john-ko/dynamic-script-loader/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/john-ko/dynamic-script-loader?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/john-ko/dynamic-script-loader.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/john-ko/dynamic-script-loader)

# Script Loader
A script loader for modular components in es6 (build process coming soon). This is built so that each components being responsible for what 3rd party dependencies they need.
- if script has not been loaded, it will load  the script, and return a promise
- `onLoadHandler` and `onErrorHandler` will execute on script load and on script error
- script promise will be resolved when the script is loaded, rejects if it errors
- if a script has already been requested to load throught dynamic script loader, it will return the existing promise
- all script proimses are added to `window.dynamicScriptLoader` global object

# Install
`npm i -S dynamic-script-loader`

# Usage
simple

```
const scriptLoader = require('dynamic-script-loader')

scriptLoader({
    src: ''//path/to/someExternalJS.js'
  },
  onLoadHandler, // optional
  onErrorHandler // optional
  )
  .then(resolverFunction)
  .catch(catchFunction)
```

## Vue
creating a vue wrapper for 3rd party libraries

heres a couple of ways you can use the script loader

### using it as a method
```
import scriptLoader from 'dynamic-script-loader'

Vue.use({
  install: function (Vue, options) {
    Vue.prototype.$scriptLoader = scriptLoader
})

// inside a Vue component
data () {
  return {
    message: '',
    error: ''
  }
},

mounted () {
  // the loader will not load libraries if they have already been loaded
  this.$scriptLoader({
    src: '//some-cdn/src/js/library.js',
    async: true
  }, () => {
    // one time setup
    some3rdPartyLib.credentials('123')
    some3rdPartyLib.partyTime = true
    some3rdPartyLib.breakRandomly = Math.random() % 2 === 1
  })
    .then(() => {
      // something to run everytime this component is mounted
      this.message = some3rdPartyLib.getMessage()
    })
    .catch(() => {
      // script failed to load
      this.error = 'oops'
    })
}
```

# TODO
- build process and export to dist folder
- remove class style and use more functional

would like to use this as

```
script.load('//path/to/someExternalJS.js')
  .once(() => {
    // one time setup
  })
  .then(() => {
    // success! :D
  })
  .catch(() => {
    // failure! D:
  })
```

or instead of `once` maybe `setup` ?

# Contributing

- `git clone git@github.com:john-ko/dynamic-script-loader.git`
- `cd dynamic-script-loader`
- `npm install`
- `add changes`
- `npm run test:unit`
- `npm run test:e2e`
